Update tech docs (#19)
vre-hub/vre-hub.github.io: docs/rucio.md

The Data Lake infrastructure is made up of distributed Storage Elements and of a reliable framework to upload and transfer data between them. 
An overview of the available Rucio Storage Elements (RSEs) can be found in the [Grafana monitoring dashboard](https://monit-grafana-open.cern.ch/d/PJ65OqBVz/vre-rucio-events?orgId=16), which are useful to inspect the RSE transfer details. 

![image](../static/img/monit.png)

> If you do not have access to the dashboard, register with a CERN SSO account, please get in touch through the **[Mattermost channel](https://mattermost.web.cern.ch/signup_user_complete/?id=zqaa9p5fqfd9bnnc64at4b5aye&md=link&sbr=su)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have access to the dashboard, login with a CERN account, or please get in touch through the **[Mattermost channel](https://mattermost.web.cern.ch/signup_user_complete/?id=zqaa9p5fqfd9bnnc64at4b5aye&md=link&sbr=su)**.
```
